Vesuvius -> Yellowstone (#313)
LIT-Protocol/docs: docs/connecting-to-a-lit-network/migrating-to-datil.md

Lit is launching three new networks, Datil-dev, Datil-test, and Datil, to improve performance and stability for production users compared to previous Lit networks like Cayenne, Manzano, and Habanero.

> The Datil-dev and Datil-test networks use a new rollup blockchain called [Chronicle Yellowstone](./lit-blockchains/chronicle-yellowstone.md). This new blockchains replaces the [Chronicle](./lit-blockchains/chronicle) blockchain that powered Lit's earlier networks. You will learn how to migrate data between these chains below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datil-dev and Datil-test networks use a new rollup blockchain called [Chronicle Yellowstone](./lit-blockchains/chronicle-yellowstone.md). These new blockchains replace the [Chronicle](./lit-blockchains/chronicle) blockchain that powered Lit's earlier networks. You will learn how to migrate data between these chains below.
```

The only code changes required to make use of the new Datil networks are as follows:

- Upgrade the Lit packages to the latest version that supports Datil

>   - `6.2.2` is the minimum version of the packages that supports `datil-test`
>   - `6.2.2` is the minimum version of the packages that supports `datil-dev`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `6.2.2` is the minimum version of the packages that support `datil-test` and `datil-dev`
```
